JSConf EU strives to create a genuinely welcoming, safe, and inspiring event for the JS community.
We’re again offering Diversity Support Tickets to allow an even more diverse audience to
participate in the conference.

## How do Diversity Support Tickets work?

You purchase a ticket for yourself, and enable another person of the conference’s choosing to
attend the event by paying a share towards their ticket. The support options range from
contributing 25%, 50% and up to 100% towards a full ticket. We thank you in advance for your
generosity and awesomeness and look forward to a more inclusive JSConf EU than ever before.

## Why Diversity Support Tickets?

We believe that only a diverse community is a strong community, and we welcome and encourage
participation by everyone. The Diversity Support Tickets initiative is one attempt to increase the
number of participants that would love to attend but are financially or otherwise unable to do so.

## Who will receive the sponsored tickets? Can I apply?

Anyone from an under-represented group in tech is invited to [apply for a
scholarship](/scholarships/). This includes, but is not limited to: women, people of colour,
LGBTQIA+ people, disabled people, and people facing economic or social hardships. We do outreach
with organizations that represent disadvantaged groups in tech to reach the right audience. In the
case where there are more qualified applicants than there are ticket, we have a lottery for the
available spots, with priority given based on a combination of need and impact. The number of spots
is determined by Diversity Support Ticket sales and dedicated diversity contributions made by our
sponsors. **The deadline for scholarship applications for JSConf EU 2018 has now passed!**

## What else are you doing to increase diversity?

In addition to the Diversity Support Tickets initiative for attendees, we also aspire to encourage
a diverse group of speakers to apply. We provide a lot of information about the application
process, additional blog posts covering the topic, as well as personal support (emails, slack
chat). We reach out via email to under-represented individuals and groups to encourage them to
submit talk proposals.

We operate under a [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct/) that we enforce. We educate ourselves and
our team about how to put on a safe and inclusive event. We are constantly learning, educating
ourselves on how to do better, and we plan so as to be as transparent about our process as
possible, and the Diversity Support Tickets initiative we launched in 2015 is one attempt at
improving in this area.

## Can I contribute or sponsor in other ways?

Help from sponsors is greatly needed – if you are interested in supporting JSConf EU to become more
accessible and inclusive, you can [read more here](http://2018.jsconf.eu/sponsors), or reach out
directly via [e-mail](mailto:contact@jsconf.eu).
